docs(35/km/security) add TLS and localhost explanations and references (#1383)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.35-x/kong-manager/networking/configuration.md

on to enforce authorization rules. Otherwise, whoever can log in 
to Kong Manager can perform any operation available on the Admin API.

## TLS Certificates

By default, if Kong Manager’s URL is accessed over HTTPS _without_ a certificate issued by a CA, it will 
receive  a self-signed certificate that modern web browsers will not trust, preventing the application 
from accessing the Admin API.

In order to serve Kong Manager over HTTPS,  use a trusted certificate authority to issue TLS certificates, 
and have the resulting `.crt` and `.key` files ready for the next step.

1) Move `.crt` and `.key` files into the desired directory of the Kong node.

2) Point [`admin_gui_ssl_cert`] and [`admin_gui_ssl_cert_key`] at the absolute paths of the certificate and key.

```
admin_gui_ssl_cert = /path/to/test.crt
admin_gui_ssl_cert_key = /path/to/test.key
```

3) Ensure that `admin_gui_url` is prefixed with `https` to use TLS, e.g.,

```
admin_gui_url = https://test.com:8445
```

### Using `https://localhost`

> If using `localhost` for testing, it may be preferrable to just use HTTP as the protocol and, if using RBAC, 

Author: ```suggestion
If serving Kong Manager on localhost, it may be preferable to use HTTP as the protocol. If also using RBAC,
```

> set cookie_secure=false in admin_gui_session_conf.". The reason to use HTTP for `localhost` is that 

Reviewer: Woops, extra . and " in that sentence. Also may want to `codify` parts of that sentence; e.g., `cookie_secure=false` and `admin_gui_session_conf`, depending on what your style rules are.

Author: Thank you for catching, @kinman .

> set cookie_secure=false in admin_gui_session_conf.". The reason to use HTTP for `localhost` is that 

Author: ```suggestion
set `cookie_secure=false` in `admin_gui_session_conf`. The reason to use HTTP for `localhost` is that 
```

> to set `cookie_secure=false` in Session configuration. The reason to use HTTP for `localhost` is that 

Reviewer: This feels like a run-on sentence, even though technically it is not. Suggest,
"If serving Kong Manager on `localhost`, it may be preferable to use HTTP as the protocol. If also using RBAC, set `cookie_secure=false` in `admin_gui_session_conf`." (Note: this suggestion also fixes the spelling error in "preferable.")

> to set `cookie_secure=false` in Session configuration. The reason to use HTTP for `localhost` is that 

Author: ```suggestion
set cookie_secure=false in admin_gui_session_conf.". The reason to use HTTP for `localhost` is that 
```
